amazing views here coming to us from
Starbase Texas
[Applause]
foreign
going through the period of Maximum
aerodynamic pressure
[Applause]
as the velocity increases the depth of
the atmosphere is decreasing lessening
stress on the vehicle to call out next
to now
[Applause]
continuing to watch the first stage as
we head down range
[Applause]
100 seconds into flight
our next major activity
on the first stage
Houston tracking station now acquiring
the vehicle
to a set down we will get separation of
Starship and super heavy and ignition of
the Starship engines
when it Starship separates we light up
six engines in the staggered sequence if
all goes well those six engines will
burn for almost six and a half minutes
onboard view from Starship
an interviews of the Raptor engines on
the second stage as we prepare for stage
separation now after safe separation the
first stage will flip and begin a boost
back maneuver for landing in the Gulf
[Music]
continuing to fly two minutes 40 seconds
let's get ready for main engine cutoff
beginning the flip for stage separation
foreign
stage separation
where Starship should separate from the
super heavy booster
yeah Kate right now it looks like we saw
the start of the flip but obviously
we're seeing from the ground cameras the
entire Starship stack continuing to
rotate we should have had Separation by
now obviously this is uh does not appear
to be a nominal situation yeah it does
appear to be spinning but I do want to
remind everyone that
thing after clearing the tower was icing
on the cake
inaugural integrated test flight
deep
ER
and